

From: Franklin Antonio [mailto:antonio@qti.qualcomm.com]  
Sent: Saturday, September 01, 2018 4:13 PM 
To: Barott, William Chauncey; Jill Tarter; siemion@berkeley.edu; Jon Richards; Dave DeBoer; Pierre R. 
Schwob; Eliot Gillum 
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] RE: 8 MHz comb is coming from controller board

The wires going to the crystal will not be the source of the problem.  They carry a clean 
sinusoid.  Signals that would generate that comb would have sharp edges with some 8MHz 
periodicity, in other words any and all digital signals synchronous with that clock, in other 
words all the digital signals related to that microprocessor... memory bus, I/O, etc.  

Is the board designed with some reasonable RF hygiene?    Does the board have a ground 
plane?  Are signals coming off the board twisted pairs or single wires or what?

First step is to establish how the signal is coupled out of the board.  Make an RF probe by taking 
two or 3 turns of wire around a pencil, soldered to an SMA connector.  Connect that to a 
spectrum analyzer.  May need an amplifier in the cable.  Wave it near the board and the various 
cables coming off the board.    It is common for cables coming off of such a board to be the 
major problem area.   Power wires can be the source of such problems as well.  That's why its 
good to begin by sniffing.  If most of the problem is limited to a few wires, then localized 
treatment may solve the problem.  

Engineers tend to think of digital signals in terms of their voltage (ie 0 or 1) but to think 
correctly about EMI one has to think about the current.  Each time a digital signal makes a 
transition from 0 to 1 or 1 to 0, a pulse of current goes down the wire.  The current has to get 
back to the source.  The critical question is: What path does the return current take?  If the 
return path is uncontrolled, then you have these pulses going everywhere, thru chassis, thru 
unexpected return paths, and the result is that the entire structure radiates.  

Controlling the current return path is the first step.  Techniques for doing this include things like 
using twisted pairs, where the mutual inductance of the pair encourages the return current to 
come back on the return wire in the pair, or flat cables with gnd-signal-gnd arrangement, which 
does the same thing.   Additional encouragement can take the form of a ferrite bead over such 
a pair.  This increases the mutual inductance, and also is lossy at high frequencies.  I/O signals 
can also be filtered, but this only works when initial RF hygiene is good.  Otherwise, filter 
circuits just add noise.  

Depending on the results of sniffing, the solution might be as simple as improving the situation 
on one cable, perhaps with a bead.  On the other hand, if the board starts out with bad RF 
hygiene, then it may be difficult to fix with patchwork.  Shielding, for example, is very difficult to 
make work if you start with bad RF hygiene.   
