From:	Cliff Fralick <cliff.fralick@ametek.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, September 13, 2017 12:15 PM
To:	Robert Spencer
Subject:	RE: Minex GT Cooler Over Current Error Code
Attachments:  527022695.jpg

Thanks for getting back to me Rob.
I’m sorry you had a failure but at least it was something familiar and hopefully something we have 
eliminated by added quality controls on the molded connector.

This issue was the result of some overflow of the molded plastic which begins to melt and eventually 
leads to arcing from the feedthrough to the PV wall I believe.  We improved our inspection techniques 
and informed our vendor of this issue so anytime I hear about this occurring is with older systems 
shipped before the power cable quality controls were improved.

So I don’t think there’s really an action necessary to prevent it from happening again. Although when 
you modify the cable you might add an additional step of inspecting the molded connector to confirm 
nothing looks odd with the molded plastic to where it might get in too close and contact the 
feedthrough.  If you look at the attached picture.  The receptacle on the left is probably OK and the 
plastic is thermally isolated from the receptacle.  On the right the mold comes over some and would be 
likely to eventually cause a problem.

I hope this helps.  If you need anything else let me know.

Thanks, 
Cliff

From: Robert Spencer [mailto:rob@minex-engineering.com]  
Sent: Wednesday, September 13, 2017 2:59 PM 
To: Cliff Fralick <cliff.fralick@ametek.com> 
Subject: Minex GT Cooler Over Current Error Code

***NOTICE*** This came from an external source. Use caution when replying, clicking links, or opening attachments.
Hello Cliff

In late Aug I e-mailed you about a Cooler on an antenna at Hat Creek Radio Observatory that 
   would shout down on its own, error code was 000001 over current.
I went up to Hat Creek yesterday & removed the Feed from its antenna.
In the E-shop I removed & replaced the cooler, we re-installed it on the antenna & it is working fine now.
Attached are some photos of what caused the problems with the cooler.
You had suggested that we check this connection, what happened there & what can we do to 
   prevent this from happening again.
I do remove this cable & modify it before the cooler is installed (see photo).

Rob Spencer
Minex Engineering Corp. Antioch, CA, USA
P: 925 757-6785  F: 925 757-1083

