Hi,

After Calvin upgraded the first prototype module to have the
D FF for the IF switch I did another round of testing.
As before I used Oren's programming kit rather than the iBob
scheme Dave is working on.

The reworked module seems to work like a charm.

The PDF of scope plots may be found at:
   https://webfiles.berkeley.edu/xythoswfs/webui/_xy-1957746_1
If you have trouble getting this 6MB file let me know
as I'm no expert with this webfiles service.

I've tweaked the progamming code to set the IF state via the LD
falling edge which also changes the step attenuator state.

plot 1 just showing the 6 clocks and 1 LD pulse.

First tests were done by applying signals to the electrical feedthru
external to the AL enclosure and monitoring the SMA output.
No internal circuit points were excited nor probed.

plots 2 and 2B show the switch from min attenuation to max attenuation.

plots 3 and 3B show the switch from max attenuation to min attenuation.

Note the falling edge of the enclosure's LD pin is the active edge.

Plots 4 and 4B show the change from max atten to min attenuation as
a function of the IF switch position for a 630 MHz test tone.

Plots 5 and 5B show the change from min atten to max attenuation as
a function of the IF switch position for a 630 MHz test tone.


At this point I removed the enclosure's lid so I could check out
some of the internal circuit points.

Plot 6 shows the delays thru the LD feed-thru.  It's only 10ns or so.
The huge delay is due to the loading on the xxTTL source -
not the path internal to the feed-thru.

Plots 7 and 8 show the switching time of the HMC624LP4 part.
I'd read this as saying it takes ~ 80ns from RISING edge of the
HMC624LP4's LE pin to the analog output stable at the new value.

I can't map this to the Hittite datasheet.  The best I can come up with is
that the analog output starts to change ~ 10ns after the rising edge and
there is the Tpd parameter of 10ns in Timing Table.  ugh.

Matt
ps I took at bunch more data using the spectrum analyzer.  I'll
   send that out later.

In short it seems as though for ~ -10 dBm input:

if notch filter in signal path
   signal gain =-6 (Atten) -.3 (switch IL) -1.8 (atten IL) - atten + 17dB (amp)
               = 8.9 - atten +/- 0.3 dB
               where atten = 0 to 31.5

if no notch filter
   signal gain =-6 (Atten) -1.8 (atten IL) - atten + 17dB (amp)
               = 9.2 - atten  +/- 0.3 dB
               where atten = 0 to 31.5
