The sheds interior dimensions are 10' x 10' with an additional 4'3" x 2'5" x
5'10" nook in the back right corner for the comporessor. The interior floor to
ceiling dimension of BYU's shed is 8'.

ALPACA's dimenions when in the cart are described in:
'alpaca-cart-dimensions.png', 'ALPACA-clearnances.pdf', 'ALPACA-forklift
clearance.pdf'

The included drawings in, `ShedDrawings_July_2020.pdf` detail the shed's
construction, dimenions, and electrical specificaiton on pgs. 4-5. 

There are a few discrepancies from that drawing and what was built. It is best
to consider that document as a reference and what the building mateiral
specifications were. The signficant differences worth noting are:

  - The door is not center to the shed entrance. The door frame starts 18 inches
from the left and 36 inches from the right. This was to allow us to clear
the fenced area on BYU's roof and use the full range of motion in the cart to
tilt the array to the horizontal. This is shown in 'shed-door-dimensions.png'

  - A 4'3" x 2'5" x 5'10" nook for the comporessor in the back right corner.
The initial drawing shows the compressor outdoors, and did not include the
nook in the shed for the compressor. The space for the compressor was added
during construction of the shed with the change to instead store and run the
compressor from within the shed. We move the helium cables as needed when moving
the instrument in and out of the shed. Dimenions of this nook in the current
shed are shown in 'compressor_location.jpg'. A view of the compressor from the
outside is shown in "shed_side_compressor.jpeg" and
"shed_side_compressor_closed.jpeg".

Other current shed informaiton:

Door height has a clearance of 85" (shown in 'shed-door-dimensions.png')

The shed is insulated.

Included pictures show the rail dimensions and spacing as currently installed.
These rails we can remove from and ship with the instrument. Rails are shown in
'rails.jpeg'.

There are quad duplex NEMA 5-20R 120V outlet assemblies on each wall. The outlets are
4' off the ground on the back and side walls. The outlet on the 36" wall with the
door is 2' off the ground. We have four 20 A 120V circuits on our panel.

One 60A 480V 3 phase circuit for the compressor. The compressor is rated to
operate at 20A. More details about electrical operation of the compressor are in
the 'trillium-m700rt-helium-compressor-manual-c.pdf' on page 6.

Changes for at ATA:

- Increase the internal ceiling to floor height to at least 9' x 6". A 10'
  ceiling would add comfortable margin. This allows for replacing/removal of the
  top hat and servicing the array without taking the array outside. 

- Increase the door height by at least 3 inches

- Extend the shed to at least 2 to 3 feet in each dimension. As seen in the
  photos, there is enough room to work, but it is cramped. We also cannot
  service the instrument at the horizontal. Increasing the ceiling height and
  length will provide more space to conveniently service the array.

