NOTES: Power Outage Recovery/Monitoring
DATE:  2016-03-28

UPS Capacity:
    Covered Equipment: SPR, Node Houses (antennas)
    Run Time: single tank of fuel ~12-16 hr. (??). Exact time unknown since 
    	several pieces of equipment have been removed from that circuit.
        Once staff on site, then can have "unlimited" refueling.

Recovery:

    Servers - Most of SPR server BIOS have been set to reboot based on last
    power state. Likely that most will go through some disk check so bootup
    may take some time (5-20 minutes per disk). Also not guaranteed that all 
    will come up. Visual/ping inspection required.

    The order of server startup is important due to shared disk mounting. 
    It may be the case that would have to judiciously reboot servers to get 
    correct shared mounts. Order is:
    	    1. Control Servers
	    	    1. maincntl
		    2. antcntl
		    3. auxcntl
	    2. App Support Servers
	       	    1. boot2
		    2. atadb
		    3. tumulus
		    4. user2
		    5. muleears
	    3. Network support servers
		    1. mingus
		    2. basalt
		    3. blake7
		    4. svn
		    5. itzel
	    4. Other
		    1. sonata
		    2. buttercup
		    3. clover
		    4. foxtrot
		    5. erebus,cinder,caldera
     --------------       
     Timing - Server NTP:
     The NTP application on each server will need to be forced to recover
     quickly as the normal adjustment algorithm would take too
     long. This involves shutting down the ntp server processes, adjusting
     to a known good reference, and restarting the ntp process.

     Cycle through the above hosts to check their jitter and offset accuracy.
     Check all signal processing hosts too.

     See NOTES-ntp.txt - Section III covers NTP recovery
     --------------       

     Timing Rack
     See the HCRO-RESOURCE-FTS document for expected indicators.

     --

     Timing - Power Supply
     All timing rack equipment is powered through a remote control
     power strip (timingps.hcro.org). These outlets are currently
     configured to turn all outlets OFF after an outage.
     This will then force us to go through an orderly starup. The
     downside is that it means that until we do power up, it will 
     then take all the longer before things sync up.

     --

     Timing - CNS II (Aeon)
     The CNS II is the stratum 1 timing source for HCRO. It is on rack
     above the Rubidium. The lab PC has an application for accessing
     status displays of this device.

     --

     Timing - Rubidium
     The rubidium is the first in the line after the CNS II. It must have
     sync to the GPS 1PPS. It will take a while for its algorithm to 
     achieve this sync.

     --

     Timing - FSC/100Hz Adjustment
     
     The FSC Agilent Oscilliscope will produce a 409.6kHz clock that along
     with the 1PPS signal is used to produce the walsh signals. To ensure 
     the these 2 input signals are aligned, fsccontrol (operating on
      oscilliscope fscclock), is used to (automatically) adjust the FSC
     signal.
     A fix can be forced by:
     (as obs)		 > fsccontrol --fix

     --

     Timing - LOs & Clock Buffer Modules
     
     LOs and clock buffer modules should come up automatically.

     --

     Timing - Walsh Box

     Walsh box should be reset, since unknown order of 1pps or fsc inputs
     (as obs). If walsh is reset, then likely have to readjust alignment w/ 
     fsc signal (i.e., force via fsccontrol )

     --

     Timing - ibobs, bees, correlators

     These items would be last in the order of startup. They may need to
     be restarted due to uncertainty of that order.

Monitoring:
   Several processes provid explicit (their sole function) or implicit
   (in addition to other functions) background monitoring of ATA 
   components. These may be JSDA process or specialized scripts running
   as cronjobs. JSDA processes can be stopped via ataps command. Cron jobs
   are stopped through the crontab or edits directly to config files

	RecoveryServer (AuxCntl) - antenna monitoring and recovery
	IbobServers (AuxCntl) - ibob monitoring and access (FXA, BFA, BFB)
	WeatherServer (AuxCntl) - weather device (weatherport-davis,
		      		 weatherport-vaisala)
	bg-monitor-cronjob (atasys@maincntl) - background cronjob. Main
			   	config files is /hcro/atasys/ata/etc/
				bg-monitor-cronjob.cfg which lists following:
				check_1pps_walsh
				check_fxconf
				check_fboards
				check_los
				check_ibobservers
				check_powerstrips
				check_resets	    
